interval types / terminology (#650)
opengeospatial/ogcapi-features: core/standard/clause_7_core.adoc

"Intersects" means that the time (instant or interval) specified in the parameter `datetime` includes a timestamp that is part of the temporal geometry of the feature (again, a time instant or interval). For time intervals this includes the start and end time.

> NOTE: The interval notation is taken from <<iso8601-2,ISO 8601-2:2019>>. ISO 8601-2 distinguishes open start/end timestamps (double-dot) and unknown start/end timestamps (empty string). For queries, an unknown start/end has the same effect as an unbounded start/end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The interval notation is taken from <<iso8601-2,ISO 8601-2:2019>>. ISO 8601-2 distinguishes between bounded start/end timestamps (double-dot) and unknown start/end timestamps (empty string). For queries, an unknown start/end has the same effect as an unbounded start/end.
```
